Adds documentation on how to add delete operations (#707)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: README.md

> NOTE: Verbose logging with DEBUG level can be turned on with `--log-level=DEBUG`.  By default, the `--log-level` flag is set to minimum log level `INFO`. Acceptable values for minimum log level are [`DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`]. In production, this flag should not be set to `DEBUG`.

### Enable Delete Operations

> Delete operations needs to be enable by adding "DELETE" to the list of operations that call the validation.gatekeeper.sh webhook in the manifest that deploys gatekeeper: [here](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper/blob/master/deploy/gatekeeper.yaml#L596)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Delete operations for the `validation.gatekeeper.sh` admission webhook, add "DELETE" to the list of operations in the `gatekeeper-validating-webhook-configuration` ValidatingWebhookConfiguration as seen in this deployment manifest of gatekeeper: [here](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper/blob/v3.1.0-beta.10/deploy/gatekeeper.yaml#L792-L794)
```

Reviewer: Updated the link to point to a release instead.

> NOTE: Verbose logging with DEBUG level can be turned on with `--log-level=DEBUG`.  By default, the `--log-level` flag is set to minimum log level `INFO`. Acceptable values for minimum log level are [`DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`]. In production, this flag should not be set to `DEBUG`.

### Enable Delete Operations

> Delete operations needs to be enable by adding "DELETE" to the list of operations that call the webhook in the

Reviewer: Can you pls add `operations that call the validation.gatekeeper.sh webhook` since we have two webhooks.

Reviewer: Please also add `For admission webhooks registered for DELETE operations, use Kubernetes v1.15.0+.` as you can see here: https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper/blob/master/pkg/webhook/policy.go#L130-L138
